on board this floating Hospital doctors
are treating the injured from
Gaza a rocket landed in our house and I
was injured my leg was amputated and I
was being treated at hospitals in Gaza
but after a while I went to Egypt and
came here on this French ship and
continued my treatment thank God the
treatment is going well I'm currently
being fitted for a
prosthetic docked in the port of Alish
in Egypt some km from the ra Crossing
this French Army ship has treated a
thousand
patients the results for this
unprecedented Mission are the nearly 120
injured that have been
hospitalized broken bones and missing
limbs these children's injuries are
severe Ahmed had to be transported here
to get the shrapnel removed from his
body shrapnel entered my knee and broke
the bone and the doctors in Gaza removed
it and put rods
in a month later they discovered that
there was still shrapnel left in my knee
that was causing me pain but they said
they had to operate on it later since
they have to perform a lot of surgeries
because of the number of
injured most hospitals in Gaza are no
longer functioning those that are suffer
from shortages of staff and supplies
more than 62,000 people have been in
injured in Israel's war on Gaza Ahmed is
one of the lucky ones off the shores of
Egypt he's learning to walk again an
opportunity to
recover which many trapped in Gaza are
still waiting for i genford al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer